docs: update CHANGELOG.md (#5888)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): preserve [`WITH` templates](https://play.victoriametrics.com/select/accounting/1/6a716b0f-38bc-4856-90ce-448fd713e3fe/expand-with-exprs) when clicking the `prettify query` button at the right side of query input field. See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5383).
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmalert): support filtering by group, rule or labels in [vmalert's UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/#web) for `/groups` and `/alerts` pages. See [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/5791) by @victoramsantos.
* FEATURE: [docker-compose](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/tree/master/deployment/docker#docker-compose-environment-for-victoriametrics): create a separate [docker-compose environment](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/deployment/docker/docker-compose-victorialogs.yml) for VictoriaLogs installation, including fluentbit and [VictoriaLogs Grafana datasource](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource).

> * FEATURE: [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager/): enable storage health check before [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager/) starts to create the backup. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5859).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager/): perform storage availability check on start. This helps to tolerate storage startup delay and avoid vmbackupmanager restarts. See this [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5859).
```
